all right guys one on one back again
with more daily during w/e 2k14 content
on this one I'm gonna be showing you
guys how to make the Ring of Honor world
championship in 2d 14 so this is super
easy can be done in a matter of minutes
and yeah perfect for anyone who wants to
ring want a championship for universe
mode exhibition or basically whatever
you guys want to do so as you've seen on
the screen we were on community
creations now we've got a download the
custom logos there is free and total on
either side and then the centerpiece as
well these logos are easy to find all
made by the same guy as well so all you
got to do is type in title go to most
downloaded and you should find it pretty
easily because they are by the same
person
go on to his downloads and you can
easily find the other two so yeah like I
said free logos and totes also get the
free and then leave community creations
then head over to create championship so
now it goes really easy just a matter of
positioning the images exactly where you
want them to go won't be exactly perfect
but it would look pretty good in game so
this could take a couple of minutes now
like I said just a matter of get the
images exactly where you want to go
so once you're in the correct places
it's a matter of quickly filling in the
chairmanship information and then saving
it and you're done so it's easy as that
now with championships ready for
exhibition universe mode whatever you
guys want to do so hopefully this video
was useful to any ring of honor fans out
there they want the chairmanship in the
game if you guys found this video useful
then please put my content by leaving it
a thumbs up a comment and even a
favorite all that good stuff does help
me out and there's definitely much
appreciated by me so guys that is gonna
be it for this one but if you guys do
want to see any more custom transcript
tutorials then let me know which one
down in the comment section below and
until next time this is beating 101 and
I will see you all on the next one